Welcome back.
We've now implemented our circle CII server that wasn't too bad it was it just a simple circle YAML
file that we configured and now we have everything running and we run our tests.
We do some Lanting if you want we can also do some type script checking everything is working nicely
so that now every time a PR is ready to be reviewed Shergill CII passes everything so that the code
reviews can happen and then we can merge our changes no code reviews really necessary until all the
circle see-I tests pass and we can be really elaborate with these tests to test all kinds of things.
Now I want to add one more thing to our understanding of continuous integration and that is something
called a pre commit hook What if we can run some some tasks before we even commit to get hung up here
and we're going to use purtier to demonstrate this let's get started.
Prettier is a great new tool that well as the name suggests makes your code prettier.
It's a code formatter.
You grab a piece of code you put it through prettier and prettier formats it and then it makes it look
pretty whatever needs to happen to make it more readable.
Now why do we need this again.
Because we have so many developers working on a project.
Wouldn't it be nice if there was a standard format that everybody followed.
Instead of having strict guidelines we can't all code along the way we want it and then put it through
prettier before we even push it up to get hub.
So that pretty makes it well prettier and you can see over here that it works with a ton of tools including
other languages like Java ph p works with flow type script GSX which is what we use in re-act a ton
of tools and they have a lot of plug ins.
It's really really good and highly recommended that you use it.
I've worked for companies that have used this and the formatting of code on those projects are significantly
better.
So I'm going to show you how to quickly implement this.
But if you want to read more you can click their god and they have some really really good information
of what you can do.
All right.
So let's go back to our app and here I've actually created a new component called counter button to
and counter buntu is a new component that I simply copied from our previous counterman which we had
right over here and I've actually just made the format a little bit weird.
I have all the spacing issues and it's pretty ugly.
And I want to take that through pretty air so that by the time it arrives for the on get Hobb it's pretty
let's give it a go.
I'm going to go back to the Web site just to show you that.
Yeah we do have that to counterbalance.
They work there's no errors.
So I'm going to close this and install a few packages in order to have prettier work.
Now if you go to their install now we can install Ebbe regularly and maybe have a CLIA command that
runs everything.
But we want to do a print commit hook before a commit happens we want to run it through the prettier
and we have a couple options here.
I like their pretty quick option and you can see over here that we can just use the pretty quick Huskie
dash dash def and I'm going to use NPM instead of yarn so I'm going to type NPM install and then run
pretty quick Huskie dash dash dev Now while that's downloading Let's go back and we see that all we
need to do is in our config file in our package start Jaison add in the scripts the pre-kid met pretty
quick dash dash stage.
So let's go back.
If you can believe it.
Yeah it's that simple.
We add to our scripts over here another line and we'll just say pre commit now pre commit here will
automatically be detected and run.
Every time we make a commit and it's going to run pretty quick command with the dash dash stage option.
Now the other thing that we need to do is we actually need to make sure that we have a pretty fair installed.
So that again we go back and we can add NPM install or we'll just to save exact
prettier as well.
All right so we have prettier installed and I forgot to save this while we added the new script so let's
do that again.
I'm going to go back to the pre commit hook.
Make sure that we have the pre commit command added on to here.
Let's save and I'm going to say get status.
Make sure that we have those changes.
I'm going to create a new branch just for testing purposes.
I'm going to call it prettier and here I'm going to get ad get to commit I'm going to commit with saying
pretty please.
And look at that a pre commit hook just happened.
You can see that it's now running their predicament it and it's finding changes found for changes that
are needed fixing and fixes up some indentation including Hetter dodgy Yes and bought on dodgy Yes.
Now this prettier tool only runs on the files that we've actually changed.
So it won't actually change on any of our preexisting files which is most likely why we want to do.
It's a nice tool to have from the very beginning of the project to make sure everything is consistent.
Now if we actually go to Connor bought into we see that well look at that all our indentation is fixed.
That's what we had before.
If I go back and this is why we have now everything is nice and clean and smooth.
How cool is that.
All right.
So we've just added prettier extremely extremely easily.
And now I can just run get push origin prettier and we'll have a new PR or a poor request.
Go back to our Get Harbury poll click on compare poll requests.
We see that.
Oh yeah.
Look everything is nice and clean with contraband too.
And now if I do create pull request we have our see-I tests running.
How cool is that.
We've just implemented continuous integration and I bet your imaginations are running wild.
We've only done testing a bit of Lanting.
We've had it prettier and we've built our project on Circle C.I. but there's so many things that we
can do completely up to you and completely up to your project.
Anything that you can do programmatically you can check with circle C.I. for example something like
a web pack bundle analyzer which analyzes your bundles can be used as something called artifacts and
circle C.I. and artifacts are data that we add or persist in our workflow.
So when our circle see-I runs and it's done you can have a file that outputs this image and stores it
somewhere on the server.
And now this file is available as an artifact long after the job succeeds on Circle CII.
So you can go back and check that your builds have the proper amount.
You can also add test to circle to make sure you have certain coverages on your tests or you can even
check or limit how big your javascript files are.
If you want to limit your javascript files to 100 megabytes you can run those tests and any time a new
feature is added that might push you over 100 megabytes.
You can make the test fail.
There's so many things they can do.
And I personally have had a really really good experience with circle C.I. but with any continuous integration
platform you can do so many things to make your life easier to avoid having bugs in production.
So I urge you to try it out you see how simple it was.
And from now on any projects that you're on try continuous integration implementing it from the beginning.
It's a bit of configuration at first but once you have a running working in teams just becomes so much
easier.
All right I'll see in the next video Buh-Bye.